Metrichor Challenge
===================

The purpose of this exercise is to create you own implementation of the [NY Times Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html) game using [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/).

Getting started
---------------

1. You've got this far so you must have extracted the files from the zip file provided

2. Install the package (run `npm i`)

3. You now have a fully working starter project to develop your version of the Wordle game. The contents of the project are as follows:

    ```sh
    /bin                  # a script to generate your words of the day(post install)
    /src                  # All your coding will be done in here
        /assets           # a folder for static assets, images, JSON files etc
            /wordles.json #your list of words-of-the-day
        /components       # Most of your coding (new components etc.) will be in this folder
            /wordle-app   # the root app component (See it loaded in the index.html file too)
                /wordle-app.scss # Component specific styles
                /wordle-app.tsx # The root component logic
        /utils            # place any utility functions and helpers in here
            /index.ts     # a collection of utility functions
        /components.d.ts  # autogenerated types file (leave this one alone)
        /index.html       # development web page to host your app
        /index.ts         # global app script if required
    ```

4. Run the project and watch live changes

    ```sh
    # Start the dev server (should open localhost:3333 in your default browser)
    > npm start

    # Open src/components/wordle-app/wordle-app.tsx in an editor and change the sentence...
    'Recreate the guts of your Wordle app here'
    # ...to
    'My components goes here!'

    # Save your file and watch your changes update live :)
    ```

5. Now implement your best interpretation of the Wordle app using:
   1. HTML, CSS, Typescript
   2. Stencil components
   3. JSX
   4. SCSS
   5. Game logic

6. Write tests to test your code. An example can be found for each component in  `*.spec.js` files. To run your tests:
  ```npm test```

7. *You should deliver your solution as a `git` repository*
   1. Zip up your response and return to our team for evaluation.
   2. Please refrain from posting the task online

---
**Important things you should know**
------------------------------------

1. Depending on your familiarity with the tool stack the task should take between 1-3 hours.

   > `NB: Please do not spend more that 6 hours total development time on this challenge`

2. For clues on how/where to get started search for `TODO` in the `src/` directory
3. You will use StencilJS and JSX for DOM manipulation. Sample Wordle data is provided in [src/assets/wordles.json](./src/assets/wordles.json). You can regenerate this file by running `npm run generate:wordlist` and change the number of words retrieved by changing the `TOTAL_WORD_COUNT` value in `bin/generate_wordlist`.
4. An example component has been provided to get you started, but feel free to restructure the project layout in any way that makes sense to you.
5. Please read familiarize yourself with our [disclaimer](./DISCLAIMER.md)

What we are looking for
-----------------------

1. Feature parity:<br/>

   We are looking for an implementation that is as close to the original game in terms of feature parity as possible. There are many milestones along the way and we will leave it to you to decide how closely your implementation matches the original.

   **At a minimum your implementation will:**

   1. Accept no more than 6 guesses of a 5 character word-of-the-day (`WOTD`)
   2. For each attempt will report which letters are in the `WOTD` and also in the correct position
   3. For each attempt will report which letters are in the `WOTD` but *NOT* in the correct position
   4. Alert the player to a successful guess<br/>
<br/>

2. Functionality (you write code that does what it's supposed to do)
3. Readability (you clean/lint your code)
4. Good code design (you demonstrate code re-use)
5. Best practice (you acknowledge established code conventions from the web development community)
6. Sensible commit history
7. A pragmatic approach to testing. We're not expecting 100% coverage.

Libraries
---------

You may not use any external libraries (other than those already included)

[Documentation on StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/docs/my-first-component) is available on their documentation website or in the [StencilStarter.md](./StencilStarter.md) guide included.
